Docker image (#5)
projectsophon/df-plugin-dev-server: README.md

npm i -g @projectsophon/df-plugin-dev-server
```

## Docker image installation and running

> You need to create network: `docker network create webproxy`

Reviewer: I thought docker-compose can create networks?? cc @jacobrosenthal

Author: Yup, it can, I will change code to make it automatically

From main directory you can execute commands to build and start docker image:

```bash
make up -> starts docker image
make up-build -> creates docker image and starts it
make restart -> restarts docker image currently running
make stop -> stops docker container
make down -> stops docker container and removes image

> make build -> creates docker image

Reviewer: Let's drop the makefile and just tell people what docker commands to run

Author: Ok

npm i -g @projectsophon/df-plugin-dev-server
```

> ## Docker image installation and running

Reviewer: Can you move this section further down the page? I still think the npm workflow should be the default recommended with docker as the backup workflow.

Author: Sure, moved. Added subsection for Docker to inform people that networking with docker is hard and it is easy to give unwanted access to containers. All described in `Security notes for docker containers`

```js
// Notice the ?dev
import Plugin from "http://127.0.0.1:2222/PluginTemplate.js?dev"

export default Plugin;
```

Doing the above will proxy your plugin through a cache busting plugin!

## Docker image installation and running

From main directory you can execute commands to build and start docker image:

> To build & run without getting promped docker output simply run (with -d):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build & run without getting prompted for docker output simply run (with -d):
```

`docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d --build --remove-orphans`

> To just run existing image without build, remove: `--build --remove-orphans`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run an existing image without building, remove `--build --remove-orphans`:

`docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up -d`
```

To stop you should use `stop`. To stop and delete use `down`:

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml stop
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml down
```

> To only build docker image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To only build the docker image:
```

`docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml build `

> If you image is built, you can work with `docker` tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your image is already built, you can use the `docker` command directly:
```
